Make sure you have 'https://github.com/nkDcoder/BankingAPI.git' setup and the API is up before running the tests.
Run RunTestAndGenerateReport.bat for running the test
Reports are generated at "Reports" folder with timestamp

Below are the API requirements tested:
-   A user can have as many accounts as they want.    
-   A user can be created with a name as input and an autogenerated 10 digit unique id is associated with him when he is created.
-   A user name provided while creation can have only alphabets and space, no numbers or special characters other than space i.e. " " should be allowed.
-   A new user gets one account automatically created for him with an amount deposit of $100.
-   An account has a unique auto generated 16 digit numeric id associated at the time of creation.
-   When a user is created successfully a response should return Id generated for the user along with information for the new autogenerated account with a success -   message .
-   A new account for user is always created with an amount deposit of $100.
-   A user can delete one or multiple accounts.
-   A user can only be deleted if no account is associated
-   If a user with one or more accounts is tried to be deleted, message is shown saying "You have to delete all associated accounts first for the user"
-   A amount provided for deposit and withdrawal can be numeric only.
-   A user can deposit and withdraw from accounts.
-   An account cannot have less than $100 at any time in an account and gets a message about it if he tries to withdraw that leads to this situation.
-   A user cannot withdraw more than 90% of their total balance from an account in a single transaction and the same information is given in response.
-   A user cannot deposit more than $10,000 in a single transaction and gets a message if he tries to do this.
